feat(tutorial/api-fetching): improve text and snippet code (#40)
tuono-labs/tuono-documentation: src/routes/documentation/tutorial/api-fetching.mdx

# API fetching

> In this tutorial, we will fetch a list of all first generation Pokémons (the best ones, btw) from the [PokeAPI](https://pokeapi.co/docs/v2) and create a dynamic page for each of them.

Author: Makes sense to me to make it a little bit more explicit and a bit less informal

}
```

> The first argument is always `req: Request`, which contains all the request data, such as the query parameters and HTTP headers.
> The other arguments represent the [ApplicationState](/documentation/application-state) and are optional.

After doing this, the terminal will complain for two reasons:

1. We haven't imported the `reqwest` crate
2. The second argument `fetch: Client` hasn't been defined as global state yet.

> Let's fix them in the next section.

Reviewer: Minor change to be a bit more formal

```suggestion
Let's fix these errors in the next section.
```

## Application state

Compared to JavaScript runtimes, Tuono is lightning fast because it only loads the features that you need for your project.

You can load them in the `ApplicationState` inside the `./src/app.rs` file. This file is executed just once at the very beginning of your application.

> For the tutorial we will use [Reqwest](https://docs.rs/reqwest/latest/reqwest/), which is one of the most popular HTTP libraries.

> To install it, run in your terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install it, run this command in your terminal:
```

}
```

> Now that the `fetch: Client` argument is available in the handler, the errors in the terminal should have disappeared.

Reviewer 2: How about using "resolved" instead of "disappeared", since we're referring to two errors?

```suggestion
Now that the `fetch: Client` argument is available in the handler, the previously reported errors should be resolved.
```

Author: I like that 👍

In the next section, we'll render the fetched data in the browser.

## Handling the page UI

> With the Pokémons correctly fetched and hydrated on the client, we can finally render them. Clear the `index.tsx` file and paste:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the Pokémons correctly fetched and hydrated on the client, we can finally render them. 
Replace the content of the `index.tsx` file with the following snippet:
```

      </div>
      <ul style={{ flexWrap: 'wrap', display: 'flex', gap: 10 }}>
        {data.results.map((pokemon, i) => (

>           <li key={pokemon.name} style={{ marginLeft: '16px' }}>{pokemon.name}</li>

Reviewer 2: > avoid using index for key, since it's not considered a good practice and the Pokemons names are a better candidate

There might be other snippets in the code using `index` as `key` across the tutorial.
Do you have time / wish to fix them since you brought it up? If not, don't worry I can take care of this 😉

Author: Sure! I was thinking of going through the tutorial in order. Maybe I could even extend this PR directly. What do you think @Valerioageno ? You mentioned this PR is blocked anyway

Reviewer 3: Yeah I think it makes sense!
I released the fix so in the next minutes this PR should be unblocked. I'll ping you when I'll merge https://github.com/tuono-labs/tuono-documentation/pull/38

Author: In this case, then maybe we can start merging this one and I can open another PR for `components.mdx` where the same `key` is mentioned again

Reviewer 2: I merged #38, when you have the change you can update the branch 🚀

Reviewer 2: > Sure! I was thinking of going through the tutorial in order

I created an issue to keep track of this: https://github.com/tuono-labs/tuono-documentation/issues/42

        </div>
      </div>
      <ul style={{ flexWrap: 'wrap', display: 'flex', gap: 10 }}>
        {data.results.map((pokemon) => (
          <li key={pokemon.name} style={{ marginLeft: '16px' }}>
            {pokemon.name}
          </li>
        ))}
      </ul>
    </>
  )
}
```

> Time to refresh the browser! Still a bit ugly, but all the Pokémon are finally on the screen!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Time to refresh the browser! It's still a bit ugly, but all the Pokémon are finally on the screen!
```
